What do you mean?
What's wrong with this diamond ring?
This is the musai and the fire diamond ring.
I got it at Phillips Auction
It's worth 5 million dollars
Wow, really?
This shit is worth 5 million
Fucking rice pick up
Of course!
You don't even believe your husband anymore
This is what I gave to President Wan
Why are you here today?
Did I say that?
It turns out that you are not only a poor boy
And a goddamn thief?
Even the things my father gave to President Wan
You dare to steal
Do you not want to live?
Who said I stole it?
This is what my dad gave me
Your dad
Are you trying to say that President Wan is your father?
Nice
Ha, I'm dying of laughter.
If President Wan were your father
I knelt down and learned to assist
That's what you said yourself
But if you're bragging
See if I don't beat you into a dead dog
Bring something
Hey
Manyue
Are you all right?
Mr. Jiang
Who are you?
He is not professional
This is not to lower the courage of your East-West consortium.
Is it child? No.
You misunderstood
Wan Yue, please explain to them quickly
I have explained
They can't do it themselves
You're gonna pay, son
I've put up with you for a long time
A person of the level of President Wan
I can't even afford it.
What are you?
Granny Jiang, don't worry.
Wait a minute, President Wan will come
I see how long this kid can live
Dad, do you think so?
Not bad, I've never seen this President Wan
I have to be someone too
Why?
Why does this person look so familiar?